In the lessons that follow,
you will learn that security is a layered proposition,
the more layers you have,
the more they support one another and act
as building blocks to protect your organization.
In addition to layers,
we will frame all of the subsequent skills you'll
learn in the form of a three component model of security.
The first component is prevention.
When most people think of cybersecurity,
they're thinking of this component,
keep the bad guys out and the good stuff in.
The second component is detection.
Should the adversary get past our preventative defenses, we want to know.
Response is the final component.
You must have an incident response plan for those events that are detected.